data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/UI-design-1.0/disconnecting_user_without_linked_channel.md, before:

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "RHS changes after disconnecting user from their account on MM"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: UI-design-1.0
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. Click on the disconnect button in the RHS on MM.
2. CLick on disconnect button in the `Disconnect Microsoft teams account` modal.

**Step 2**

1. Click on the disconnect button in the RHS on MM.
2. CLick on cancel button in the `Disconnect Microsoft teams account` modal.

**Expected**

The user should be able to view the `Connect your Microsoft Teams account` modal in the RHS with the toast message regarding the disconnection of the user account on MM.
After step 2, the account should not get affected.

Commit message:

[MI-3804]: added the changes for disconnecting user.

data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/UI-design-1.0/disconnecting_user_without_linked_channel.md, after:

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "RHS changes after disconnecting user from their account on MM"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: UI-design-1.0
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. Click on the disconnect button in the RHS on MM.
2. CLick on disconnect button in the `Disconnect Microsoft teams account` modal.

**Step 2**

1. Click on the disconnect button in the RHS on MM.
2. CLick on cancel button or `x` button in the `Disconnect Microsoft teams account` modal.

**Expected**

The user should be able to view the `Connect your Microsoft Teams account` modal in the RHS with the toast message regarding the disconnection of the user account on MM.
After step 2, the `Disconnect Microsoft teams account` modal should close and the user account connection should not get affected.
