data/test-cases/plugins/github/general/todo_list.md, before:

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Todo list in the channel or DM/GM using the `/github todo` command."
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: General
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. Connect your github account to MM and create a subsciption for any desired event discussion, issue, pulls, etc;
2. Create the desirec event on the connected github repo/organization.
3. Enter the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 2**

1. After step 1, close the created event on the connected account on github.
2. Run the `/github todo` command again in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 3**

1. Merge any desiered open PR on the connected account on github.
2. Enter the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 4**

1. Read any desired unread message on the connected account on github.
2. Enter the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 5**

1. Approve any pending requested review on the connected account on github.
2. Enter the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 6**

1. Approve any pending requested review on the connected account on github.
2. Enter the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Expected**

Commit message:

[MM-41]: added the test cases for the todo list.

data/test-cases/plugins/github/general/todo_list.md, after:

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Todo list in the channel or DM/GM using the `/github todo` command."
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: General
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. Connect your github account to MM and create a subsciption for any desired event discussion, issue, pulls, etc;
2. Create the desirec event on the connected github repo/organization.
3. Enter the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 2**

1. After step 1, close the created event on the connected account on github.
2. Run the `/github todo` command again in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 3**

1. Merge any desiered open PR on the connected account on github.
2. Enter the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 4**

1. Read any desired unread message on the connected account on github.
2. Enter the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 5**

1. Approve any desired pending requested review on the connected account on github.
2. Enter the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 6**

1. Click on the desired `owner` or `organisation` hyperlink part of the generated list on MM.

**Step 7**

1. Click on the desired <description> hyperlink part of the generated list on MM.

**Expected**

The generated message should show the list for unread messages, review requests, open PRs and user's assignments with the formats, `owner or organisation/repo <event> : <description>` or `owner or organisation/repo : <description>` in the desired channel or DM/GM on MM.
After step 2, the generated message should not show the closed events in the desired channel or DM/GM on MM.
After step 3, the desired PR should not be visible in the generated message in the desired channel or DM/GM on MM.
After step 4, the desired message should not be visible in the generated message in the desired channel or DM/GM on MM. 
After step 5, the desired pending request should not be visible in the generated in the desired channel or DM/GM on MM.
After step 6, the user should be redirected to the owner account or organisation on github respectively. 
After step 7, the user should be redirected to the event on github.
